About the job
Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Kirkland, WA, USA.Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience. 
8 years of experience in software development, and with data structures/algorithms. 
5 years of experience testing, and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and architecture. 
Experience in Generative AI (Large Language Models, Multi-Modal, Large Vision Models).
Experience with machine learning algorithms and tools (e.g., TensorFlow), artificial intelligence, deep learning, natural language processing or other ML discipline.

Preferred qualifications:

Master’s degree or PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related technical field. 
3 years of experience in a technical leadership role leading project teams and setting technical direction.
3 years of experience working in an organization involving cross-functional, or cross-business projects. 

About The Job

Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.

With your technical expertise you will manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables. You will design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance software solutions.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is $189,000-$284,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target salaries for the position across all US locations. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google .

Responsibilities

Provide technical leadership on high-impact projects.
Influence and coach a distributed team of engineers.
Facilitate alignment and clarity across teams on goals, outcomes, and timelines.
Manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables.
Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and enhance large scale software solutions.


Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing our Accommodations for Applicants form .